Allow string templates in `config.policy` field (#166)
pomerium/pomerium-helm: charts/pomerium/README.md

| `config.sharedSecret`                                        | 256 bit key to secure service communication. [See more](https://www.pomerium.io/docs/reference/reference.html#shared-secret).                                                                                                                                                                      | 32 [random ascii chars](http://masterminds.github.io/sprig/strings.html)    |
| `config.cookieSecret`                                        | Cookie secret is a 32 byte key used to encrypt user sessions.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      | 32 [random ascii chars](http://masterminds.github.io/sprig/strings.html)    |

> | `config.policy`                                              | List of routes and their policies.  Can accept template values or string templates.  [See more](https://www.pomerium.com/reference/#policy).                                                                                                                                                       |                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `config.policy`                                              | List of routes and their policies. Accepts template values or string templates.  [See more](https://www.pomerium.com/reference/#policy).                                                                                                                                                       |                                                                             |
```
